 Now Assist for App Engine enables businesses to unlock the full potential of their custom apps, providing seamless self-service, faster decision-making, and improved operational outcomes. In this demo, you'll see a few of the features available to Now Assist for App Engine customers. This solution empowers organizations to embed advanced generative AI and AI agent capabilities into custom applications built on the ServiceNow platform. Sam is an employee education program manager at Electree. He's in the cross-training management workspace, a dedicated custom interface designed to streamline the administration of employee training at his company. In the past, it took hours of his time, each week, to track and manage all of the tasks related to organizing and booking cross-training sessions. But not anymore. Today, Sam wants to check on upcoming sessions to make sure employees get the training they want. To do this, he simply types in a request using the conversational interface of Now Assist. He then chooses the training demand prediction option. This triggers a customized, high-level coordinated workflow called a use case. Use cases invoke AI agents, which are entities that mimic human-like intelligence by using large language models. You can see the agents analyzing past enrollment data, reviewing employee skills to identify gaps, and reviewing upcoming projects. Up to this point, the agents have been working autonomously. Now they pause to ask for more information to proceed. This is called a supervised action. After reviewing the details that he was able to quickly receive from Now Assist, Sam makes the decision to schedule cloud architecture training for 60 employees. And just like that, the session is added to the calendar. In the past, unexpected demand for certain topics resulted in a lack of available trainers leaving employees on a wait list. Cross-training is a top priority for Sam's company, Electree. And with the help of AI agents, using both autonomous and supervised actions, Sam was able to predict training demand and seamlessly schedule accordingly. Now let's take a look under the hood and see how this all works. Now's AI agent studio enables you to create, manage, and test AI agents and use cases all in one place. So let's review the use case we just saw Sam utilize. Here the business outcome that this use case targets is described. And this is where we add in one or more AI agents to help research and solve issues detailed to the use case. To create a great AI agent, the agent's role, its specialties, and the identification of the business problem is clearly defined. This is where you add in automation to equip your AI agent with various tools to accomplish its role. As you can see, there's a large selection to choose from depending on your needs and skill level. An important option to point out is the now assist skill. Using the now assist skill kit, you can build and deploy custom skills that leverage generative AI directly within your instance. These skills can serve to enable use cases that the current suite of out of the box now assist skills cannot as of today. In this case, the AI agent is designed so it can call a sub flow and here we see the details. You can choose from out of the box options or make your own with tools such as workflow studio. Agent actions can be autonomous or supervised like we saw before. And so this means you're always in control of how AI is used. Now let's get back to the use case details in AI agent studio. Users and the conditions for activating use cases can be defined. This trigger is configured to run when certain language is used and now assist prompts such as suggest high demand training or suggest training. This is where we configure the display and access for a use case from within the conversational interface of the now assist panel. This makes it conveniently available to users like Sam as we saw earlier in the demo. In addition to testing and troubleshooting a new use case, this step can also be used to visualize what's happening in the background. When testing a use case, you can see the AI agent orchestrator and communicator working together to organize and manage the AI agents as a team. The orchestrator assigns individual specialized agents to complete the sub tasks. The communicator lets the orchestrator know the status of each agent and handles the end user prompts and replies. And finally the log section details interactions between the orchestrator, communicator and agents. You can download these logs to troubleshoot more extensively if you need to. And that's how companies like Electri use custom apps and AI agents to optimize business processes resulting in more efficient operations and better employee productivity. To learn more about AI agents or now assist for App Engine, contact your ServiceNow sales team or visit servicenow.com.