 Welcome to the Innovation Today podcast, where we speak with today's technology leaders about how they're innovating to stay ahead of changing industry dynamics and reaching new levels of productivity and automation. Brought to you by ServiceNow, your partner in digital transformation. Thank you for joining us today for another episode of Innovation Today podcast. I'm your host, Siketan, the Innovation Officer at APEC as ServiceNow. Today we're really excited to welcome Kerry Blunt, Global Head of ServiceNow Solutions at Fujitsu. Welcome, Kerry. Thank you very much. Lovely to be here. I'm super excited to join me in the topic for today, ServiceNow Operations. But first, can you tell a little bit about yourself and your role? Yeah, sure. So I've been at Fujitsu a long time. I've been doing ServiceNow a long time. It's something I'm really passionate about. This is a topic that I really love. I would almost consider Service Operations to be part of my ServiceNow superhero origin story, right? So I originally worked in operations. And that's where my background is. And I was always a bit kind of jealous about the service guys because they seemed to be able to affect more change into an organization than I was able to at the operations level. And so I switched to do more service related things. And I found out that actually the service guys were a bit kind of jealous of the operations guys because they had all the data and the insight. Really we were operating independently and not delivering the value we should have done. So I think Service Operations, there's a lot of names for it. There's a lot of parts of it. But that kind of combination of those two worlds is something that I'm passionate about because I think it really delivers value for customers. And I really like that Kerry is really about connecting the silos of processes, bringing ITFs, ITSM and IT operation coming together. I thought telco could be really a complex market and industry and the customers. Probably using the lens of telco, what are the most frequent questions and requests are getting from your clients? Yeah, telco is interesting because it's obviously one of the largest, most complicated areas in terms of the number of assets, the importance of the service to people. People expect it to be on and running all of the time. We're very much used to it almost as a utility. And so that complexity, those challenges bring a real focus on the importance of service operations and being able to manage high volumes of changes and complexities in these environments and keeping the resilience of the service high as well. So I think telco is a really interesting area. Yeah, it's truly about customer experience as well. With a good service operation and good customer experience, I couldn't imagine the day that I would be dropped off from the network. Now Kerry, how is Fujitsu approaching the service operation uniquely in the market? Yeah, we have a lot of insight into a lot of industries and that visibility across lots of industries and areas means that we are able to learn from how we're implementing on one customer and take it to another customer. And dealing with that complexity as a service provider ourselves really gives us some real insight into the way customer organizations operate. Often we'll go into a customer and talk to them about their operations and they will say, oh yeah, we're unique, we're different. Our operation is totally different from everybody else's. But actually, they're not always that different as they think they are. There's just really good hygiene and good service operations practices that they can be applying that we apply to our own organizations that they can pick up and adopt regardless of the uniqueness of your industry. Right, that's so true. And I have to bring up the next question. It seems like we can't go on a minute without talking about AI, right? What's the top of mind for your customers as prospects when it comes to AI and service operations coming together? Yeah, so obviously, Gen AI is the big topic at the moment, right? Everyone's talking different chat GPT and kind of things. Those kinds of technologies have really opened up the AI conversation. And customers are always a bit surprised to know that they could be applying AI in their ITOM and IT operations already. I think that Gen AI is the new thing and this is really cutting edge. And actually, the principles of applying machine learning for your event management and correlating all your events and things like that are actually really not new technologies, right? They have things that have been around for a while. And using AI in that context is actually a relatively easy step when you've got everything in the platform like ServiceNow. So I think customers are really surprised and excited and really pleased that they can accelerate their journey with AI without having to learn kind of a load of new complex AI tools. It's all there ready for them to use. And to carry out all the insights that are done, that's all AI matters. I was sharing with a lot of the customers the data machine learning using probably based on mathematical statistical model that's from probably 1500 years ago. Absolutely, yeah. And I'm in this whole excitement around Gen AI, around the skew sets that it brings us to human. But just wondering, you know, where your composition is really evolving around, where, how are we going to start with the AI journey? Yeah, the whole AI journey, it's obviously difficult for customers always to know where to start, right? So, yeah, we could be applying AI at the service end, we could be applying it at the operations. And I always think that you need to start from where you are, try to automate as much as possible. And then if AI helps you to automate, then even better, right? So stick with, stick with kind of first principles, look at the operations, content the data, what events have you got coming in, look at your service tickets, what's the, what's hot in terms of service outages and events. And then look to try and apply automation as much as possible and just follow those good principles. And at some point you'll go, we could, we could do this better with AI or we could, we could completely get rid of this bit of work for our people by having it automated by an AI. And at that point, that's the obviously the point where you need to start considering it. But you don't have to consider it from day one, right? No. It is really about turning to become from a firefighter to be more proactive, to predict if you've been in management you're talking about and probably about scaling operations. So I think that's where AI and journey comes in. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I just want to pivot the question a little bit. I think we started talking about telcos. You know, what, what are the industries that you're working with to apply service operations today? There's lots of industries where service operations can and should be important, you know, more than, more than you think. We've mentioned on telco just because of the size and complexity. But you start to see IT operations being applied in all sorts of industries. You know, you could take, for example, manufacturing and utilities and also obviously the operational technology side as well. So we talked about, we're talking about IT really in most cases, but we've now got the capability to merge the IT and OT worlds together and apply the great principles that we already apply to our IT assets and our IT operations to our OT operations as well. So I think that's a really interesting, exciting area. And we have lots of customer conversations where they're really interested in the principle of bringing those two things together and managing them together. And the same with security operations as well. So it's a gateway into really good security operations. So every industry is really interested in their security. You know, cybersecurity is big on the agenda. And so as a gateway into that conversation, you know, IT operations is right there at the front of everyone's mind. Yeah, definitely. I think we're definitely seeing more attacks, not just on IT systems, but also on all the devices, the cameras, you know, the productions of machinery as well. Yeah, everything's connected now. So we've got to worry about it. Yeah. So the conversion of IT and OT has really become really real for your customers. Absolutely. Yes. Yeah. And industries where you wouldn't have thought that traditionally they didn't need to worry about it, right? Yeah. But now you see the sort of cybersecurity attacks on the news. Suddenly it's right at the top of, you know, the CEOs, you know, the C-suite are really interested in it. And so it's coming up in conversation lots more. And it was really connected to us just not a game of software in a hardware disposal. The devices that is, you know, you being used by, for example, industry like manufacturing utilities, that use a lot. But can you share like probably, you know, possible examples of manufacturing customers that you work with and how they benefit from it? Service operations? Yeah. So for manufacturing customers, particularly, down time is obviously a big issue for them, right? If your production line is not running, then you're losing money straight away. And there's a high level of sensitivity from, you know, factory floor managers. They have traditionally been very kind of resistant to the IT guys coming in and messing with their stuff, right? Because the factory floor teams are obviously incentivized to keep the factory floor running all the time. And they don't want to hand over any control. But you can start to see when you introduce service operations and you bring those factory floor managers into the fold. And they can understand how they could reduce their downtime or improve their productivity by applying the principles of IT operations and service operations. Then you can get them on board, right? They're interested suddenly. As long as they can have the visibility through, you know, workspaces and things like that, then they're all on board. Yeah. And this is how traditionally business departments being organized IT and then SOT departments, often silos. And this is where I think Service Now commits from a service operation, about connecting the people, the systems as well as the processes. What are the misconceptions that an organization has when they're approaching service operations that you're seeing in your clients or the market? One of the things we see quite often is organizations seeing some concept like, say, DevOps. And they say, OK, we're going to be a DevOps organization. And I say to them, well, where are you with your service operations? Where how far are you with your ITOM journey? And they go, oh, we've not implemented that yet. And I start to say to them, well, we need to get some basic principles going here, right? So let's look at your data model. Let's look at the consistency of the data. Let's make sure that you've got good practices happening in your organization because you don't want to layer on a technology change and a organizational change like DevOps at the same time. You're actually taking on far too much. So let's get your service operations, your automation and improvement in what you've got today. Then let's transform your organization to be a DevOps model later. So just take things slowly, implement based on sort of simple principles. Let's try and simplify. Let's try and automate. Let's try and optimize. And then let's look at the DevOps or SRE or something like that in terms of your organization. Definitely. I think this is really about setting that whole foundation and we are talking about having really good CMDB and laying on top the building blocks. Absolutely. Yeah, really about the DevOps process. So I think for some of the years, it's like, you know, problems are a lot for Jays and God knows what's coming around the corner and really need to have that visibility and also the actionable insights around that. Yeah, what do you think we're heading next when it comes to service ops? Yeah, I think there'll always be this need to optimize and automate as much as possible. We've obviously talked about AI. I think we're only just learning where all the use cases are for AI. So we've been doing some interesting things, for example, at Fujitsu with visual AI's, right? So that will analyze pictures and then have those feed into a service operations type landscape. And so I think there's technologies like that that people haven't really considered properly, but which could provide some real benefits to their organization. So I think those things are exciting things. They're new areas that we're opening up the eyes of customers to see. And I think that's probably more and more of those kind of AI related concepts are going to happen. And as more and more things go to the cloud, obviously cloud operations becomes a much more important thing. I think we'll continue to see more maturity in that area and more importance of managing your cloud assets alongside everything else. Those things are going to be the things that people are worrying about for the next few years. I'm not sure about just the next few years, probably the next decade that it will be. Probably, yeah. Talking about carry out, I mean, has that been a great conversation, but just kind of like wanting to end up with anything else you want to add, especially for our clients or prospects? So is it really about studying off their journey? Any advice you want to give them? Yeah, I say don't be afraid and start simple, right? Look at those foundational principles, you know, organizations like Fujitsu come in and help you get it right from the start rather than learning by making the mistakes and having to go backwards and fix things. So, yeah, come and come and talk to a partner, try and get that conversation going, use their knowledge of previous implementations to make sure that your implementation goes well. Kerry, thank you so much for joining us today and also for just being a great partner as well as a customer self service. Now, this has been really a great conversation. Yeah, thank you very much for having me. It's been really good. And thank you to all of our listeners. Please subscribe and share if you like what you heard today and be sure to join us for the next episode.