 Welcome everyone to another edition of the ServiceNow Enterprise Agility podcast. I'm your host, Fred Champlain, ServiceNow Agile Evangelist, and I'm delighted to introduce our first external guest on our podcast, Richard Naster. Richard is a safe fellow, a former methodologist and contributor to the safe framework while at scale Agile. And he's the author of six books, including most recently, The Lean Agile Way, a Leased Business Results in the Digital Era with Value Stream Management. Welcome Richard. It's a pleasure to have you here. Thank you Fred. It's great to be here. Richard, there's a number of topics that we've talked about. We've had some good chats while we've been preparing, and I'd love to just ask you about business agility as our primary topic and get a sense of what's happening. What are you seeing in industry and as companies are confronting disruptors from numerous technologies? We see AI popping up and of course all kinds of industries. What kind of examples are you seeing out there of this disruption? How are companies taking on that disruption? How are they responding? Yeah. So I think it's very interesting times today. AI is having an enormous impact on all of our lives. And I gotta say that I don't recall any technology that has quickly transformed the business landscape as quickly as AI, and how quickly the technology has been able to be integrated into existing solutions. And we really have no idea yet. We're just at the infancy, and yet there's a lot of things that are being developed which is allowing businesses to operate in ways they never thought before. And I think there's tremendous opportunities for cost savings. I also think it can have a huge impact on organizations to better be able to have greater business agility. Being able to sense and respond to what's happening in the marketplace, getting insights from our customer service data and more. It's really incredible. I'm very excited about it. At the same time, a little bit scared, and I'm glad I'm not 20 years old now because I would think maybe I wouldn't have a job that a chatbot or some kind of AI will take my job. For sure. There's a lot of concerns around what does that future state look like. Right now, as you said, in the infancy of this, it's exciting times, but there's trepidation I think as well. What you mentioned is really key though is the sense and respond. We're really taking that to a whole other level in terms of response time, taking signals, telemetry from our systems, understanding where customer sentiment is, as well as being able to make faster decisions and higher quality decisions as well. As you think about what those interactions are like and from products and product introductions and updates and refreshes and new features, things are really speeding up. Where do you see the customer centricity aspect of AI? Where do you see that coming to play? One of the things that comes to mind is there is often a lot of weak signals out there that we just can't perceive. For example, when someone calls into your call center, information is recorded in the database in the customer service database or they exchange problems with a chatbot. Data is coming in from many different ways and there's hundreds and thousands of interactions. There is gold in those interactions, but we often can't connect the dots between what people are saying and the signals that they're providing. It's just too weak. We just can't make sense of all that data. We have an explosion of data today, but not able to make sense. One of the things that I'm excited about is using AI to interrogate the different databases where we have these interactions with our customers and be able to know what complaints that they have, what are some of the ideas they have to improve our products and services, what are the things that they're actually using. We want to make sure what we deliver to the market is actually being used. All of these things, typically, we don't get those strong signals. When we're doing software development, product development today, we need to understand what's happening and the world isn't completely homogeneous. We can say that one customer is the same as the other. Being able to detect these signals and then be able to sense what's happening and then coming up with the ways to respond. We can actually ask our AI, well, how should we respond to these particular problems, which is cool, which is one place human thinking, but it may give us some ideas and some insights on how we can address those problems or issues or enhancements and also to make sure that they get ratted to the right people. That's another aspect of AI. I like to think of it as intelligent automation. Some people called agintic AI or agent AI is that it can do a task based upon the information that was presented to the AI. If you're doing generative AI or using chat, that it can then take the next step. Let's say you call into your cable company. We're not calling to cable company. Let's say you used to chat bot in your cable company and you're saying, I can't get a good picture on the screen. Usually you go through a phone call, you've got to get to an agent, they ask you to authenticate you and blah, blah, blah, before you know it, half an hour has gone by and nothing has actually been helping you. It's very frustrating. Yeah, we've all had that common experience. You get the same experience with some of these chat applications as well, especially when it's not a live person rather. They go through a script and they can't deviate from a script. But imagine now you have an intelligent bot and when you speak to it, it then says, okay, well, have you rebooted your router as an example? You say no and it comes back and says, would you like me to reboot your router? Okay, sounds like a good idea. Yes. Then it goes ahead and it reboots your router. It knows when the router has been rebooted and says, okay, can you please try again and let me know if the issue has been resolved? And so right then and there you can say yes or no. If you say yes, it might then go ahead and do another action. This is where the agent aspect of AI comes in, this intelligent automation, and then it goes ahead and closes the ticket. If you say no, well, then it will know what do we do next to troubleshoot your problem. It may ask you more clarifying questions and based upon all this wealth of information that we have about how to troubleshoot problems, we are going to get better responses. Also, perhaps this is not the first time you called in. Most chatbots, if they're not intelligent, will not know that you just called last week. But this time it says, well, you called yesterday about this. Is this the same problem? Exactly, knowing the context, right? Knowing the context is really great. So I think there is a way that we can really improve customer service using AI and then having people. So when you really need to speak to a person, they can actually spend quality time with you and they're not focusing on the routine problems that are time consuming to respond to, but are easily automated and for customers to feel better about their interactions, especially as we're able to more humanize AI. And perhaps you see an avatar of a person acting as an agent. Perhaps you're even speaking to it in the future. It's not very far off. Right now the main interface has been texted with the chatbot. But I imagine that it will be much more voice interaction with bots and feeling like you're speaking to a person rather than to an impersonal bot. Sure. We've seen it with Alexa and Siri, right? We've gone that direction. So it's just now a matter of closing that gap. And I agree, it's probably going to become the more common interface rather than typing things out. So what you mentioned was it's really having that credibility too, being able to trust and it's not just some script that you're being read back to from an agent, maybe a live agent that we can actually also harvest from that in terms of the data, the sentiment. Of course, we can analyze this in real time as well. And so we can really trust what we're being told. It's engaging. But we're also collecting, and as you said, figuring out behind the scenes what's the next best action. What do we do next as this dialogue continues? So and then we're letting humans really work and add value where humans do the best work. Right? Right. So removing some of that repetitive inquiry and really getting to the hard stuff where we need to put people. So yeah, it's pretty fascinating how fast this is accelerated. Yeah. And I'm optimistic about that. You know, every time we've had a new technology, there's always been fear that it's going to take people's jobs. And while that may be true, I think it will add jobs as much as it will eliminate jobs. So I think there will be a balance. I think we'll better able to use the creative minds of people. So if I'm calling in for customer service as an example, we can take them off the script and they can type things into chat into Genervai to ask questions of their own sources of internal information to get answers, plus be able to query lots of sources of information about maybe this has happened before. What did we do to resolve this in the past? Is this a totally novel problem? You know, is a system down? Can we we can check that quickly? Oh, yeah, there's an adage in your area. I mean, there's so many different things that AI can augment human intelligence. I don't see AI replacing human intelligence, but it's going to augment human intelligence.