 Hello, I'm Kat Finch and welcome to the latest episode of the ServiceNow UK and I Executive Circle podcast series. Within our podcast we speak to some of the industry's most exciting innovators, thought leaders and senior executives, all with the aim of giving you, our listeners, the inspiration, insights and market intelligence you need to help drive your organization forward. This week we're speaking to Gina Gill, the Chief Strategy Officer for the Cabinet Office's Central Digital and Data Office. Welcome Gina. Thank you very much, I'm delighted to be here. Now, in this role that you've obviously been in for a few months, you are focusing on the new government's digital strategy and delivering of transformation. I was really keen and interested in what you were saying about building the foundation for this digital future for government. In your view, what's critical to the foundations that you're building? So, I think that relates to the reason that I moved to the centre in the first place. So, there were two reasons that I moved. The first was I couldn't see where we were going as government digital and data. So, I couldn't see the vision that brings us all together. We're over 20,000 people working across many different government departments and then if you add health and local authority into that, then that number gets much, much, much bigger. And I couldn't get a sense of what we're collectively trying to do. So, I felt like we were building kind of some great digital services in isolation, but actually not necessarily solving that end-to-end user experience across different departments, across different services, across different agencies. So, that was reason number one, having that clarity of where we're going. And then number two was things that we have called system reform. I hate the name, but it's things that slow down or prevent digital delivery within departments. So, things that if you speak, if you speak to 100 colleagues, they'll list the kind of same things that are frustrating. And those are things that I think the centre is best placed to resolve and has to resolve. And it's things like money and incentives, so how we fund digital work, which isn't really aligned to digital delivery and doesn't help us to deliver in agile ways. It is much more aligned to kind of big infrastructure, not technology infrastructure, but big infrastructure projects and programmes and big waterfall programmes. So, that's an issue for people. Incentives, I think, is the other thing. So, I don't think we incentivise departments to work together. So, how do we resolve that? So, we're having some interesting conversations with Treasury about that and thinking about things we might be able to do in that space. And related to that is, we talk about efficiency a lot, but again, we don't, we talk about efficiency within kind of a department or an agency's budget, not across the system. And I think lots of the efficiency that we need to create is across the system. So, think about justice. The cost of recidivism is £18 billion a year. That doesn't sit in an individual department's budget. That's the cost to UK PLC. How do you get after that? How do you create the incentives to get after that? So, that's money and incentives. The second area for me is capability. And I don't mean capability within digital and data colleagues. I think we've made quite a lot of really good inroads into that. But more broadly, I think there's still a lack of understanding of what digital means across the civil service and across senior leaders in the civil service. I think we still see it as a back office function. We still see it as a cost space. And we don't really see it as frontline delivery. And a lot of it is now frontline delivery. And so, there's something about how do we change? How do we help people to better understand digital? And how it can enable a different way of delivering services? And then last but not least, is how we buy things and work with industry. We're still very, and we've got lots of kind of different frameworks. We did G-Clide, but we still predominantly work with the same really big suppliers. We haven't done as well as we would have wanted to, I don't think, in terms of working with smaller, with SMEs, with smaller suppliers, with people who might have new and innovative technologies that might help to build better experiences. And I think there's a real opportunity in that space as well. And a real opportunity to think about how do we go from innovate, like how do we go from kind of testing things to then actually kind of full on delivery without running many, many procurement processes, lengthy procurement processes along the way. Definitely. So, it sounds like part of your strategy when the initial stages is going to be a bit of an internal change management piece. Like you said, that kind of cultural mindset shift to thinking about how digital can align a lot of these different government departments. I think that shared service, the interoperability between all the pieces really needs to come together to overcome some of the legacy technology and the silos that exist. Is that going to be part of your strategy that you're trying to do? So, it would definitely be part of the strategy. And I mean, what we're talking about is cultural change, right? And cultural change across an organization, a system, that has been in place for a very long time. So, that's not fast and it's not easy. But I think we have to say a really clear picture of where we're going. We have to say, I kind of what the next three to five years will hold. And then we have to talk about those kind of foundational pieces and what we're going to do to address those over that period as well. So, with the new government encouraging the notion of doing more with less and using technology to improve efficiency, there is a real need to not just build that longer-term digital strategy that is robust, but remain agile and respond to the political, the economical and technological changes that are inevitable and that are happening as we speak. Yeah, look, it's hard. It's hard and it's hard in a system where we know that every five or so years we'll have a potential, a new government in a different direction. So, I think we need to separate where we're going long-term and set out a clear long-term vision. And that has to be something that is hard to work with. And so, I think it has to be grounded in service, in public service. And I think it has to be grounded in the user experience that we want to create for members of the public and for businesses. And so, that could be things like, that could be things like, we don't want people to have to share their data, same data with us over and over again. It could be things like, we want interactions to be simpler. We want interactions to be seamless. We don't want people to need to understand which department they're interacting with or which service or form they need. So, I think you can set up that picture of, this is what we want it to look and feel like in the future. And then work with each government to look at how you prioritize which services you focus on during that particular period. So, for this government, for example, it might be planning, so aligned to the mission for growth. So, I think it's, yes, set out the long-term that's hard to argue with, that transcends political parties and elections and then use each new term to focus on the priorities of the government at the time. It's a really difficult balance, isn't it, between the people that you're working with and how to make that shift and changing government to really what citizens expect. You know, they've got apps, they're using TikTok, they are digital first, digital natives, and they've got lots of ideas and they don't want to sit on a phone anymore. They don't want to talk to a virtual agent anymore, sorry, a call center agent anymore. So, in your view, what technology do you think is needed to try and get that balance? What are the milestones that you're going to build toward? So, I'm actually trying not to think about technology because I think that I think technology changes so quickly that we're in danger of saying, we're in danger of setting out a strategy that says, yeah, we're going to use this particular technology to reach this goal. I think we really need to focus on outcomes and I worry that in the past, we kind of go through phases of different buzzwords and when I first landed in government, it was RPA, so robotic process automation. I read a strategy, it was a meeting a few months ago where they were talking about robots and I genuinely thought they meant physical robots until I realized they meant they didn't mean physical robots at all. We were talking about robotic automation. And as you know, over the past year or so, AI is the word on everyone's lips and I think that if we get too caught up in the technology, we end up implementing technology for technology's sake, potentially putting lipstick on a pig and not actually solving the problems that we set out to solve. When Jenny, I breasted onto the scene, I was at the MOJ at the time and I would get people emailing me from like that I had never met before in the organization. I think, I've got a great idea here. I think we should do this from an AI perspective. We can do AI prison visits. I don't even understand what that means. So yeah, so I think we have to really kind of make sure that people get excited about the problem that they're solving and not about the technology. I completely agree. I had a fantastic conversation with Sally Ann Hicks. She's the global VP of Automation and Experian and she's a huge advocate for focusing on the business outcomes first, the challenges that you're trying. And naturally, AI might not always be the natural answer to the question. There is a journey, there is an evolution of what you're trying to achieve based on what those challenges are. And speaking of challenges and the foundation you're trying to put in place, do you see re-skilling and upskilling and the general digital skills piece as a challenge or a bit of an opportunity with your team and your department? I think it's an opportunity. And I think, look, the excitement. So the one thing that AI has done is it's opened the door to many conversations that we weren't having before, which is a good thing. And I think that helps us then to have conversations about skills. And when we last spoke, I talked about the fact that that doesn't mean that we need to turn everyone into a techie far from it. I think it's much more about having the skills to be able to operate in a digital age, which really is an age of change, constant change. And so it's about being able to work with people with different skill sets. It's about being able to really focus on what is the problem that we're trying to solve and what is the experience of the user that's using the service. It's much more about the ability to think electorally to solve problems and the desire to understand how other people are solving problems, I think, and trying to bring some of that back into government. Exactly. There's a lot more just to skills. It's more about the digital literacy. How do you interpret the data? I've seen job roles advertised for AI prompters. So people are actually working out what do I need to prompt AI to get the information out. And actually, that's the skill in itself. I think we have to not ignore the human intelligence that goes with the artificial intelligence. And there is a skill to that. There's a skill to being the human in the loop to make sure that you're using the technology in the right way. Absolutely. And there's an interesting debate about, actually, do we end up with human skills that are atrophying because we're replacing them with technology? So do people lose the ability to bring that human lens? And how do you keep the right balance in that? And I think CDDO has been working on a framework for where AI shouldn't be used or how to think about where to use AI, particularly the generative AI. And we had the same kind of link at the Ministry of Justice. And in some cases, it was specific to different business areas. So, for example, in courts, it's an absolute red line in terms of technology making judgments. That's just not a line we're willing to cross. And therefore, it's relatively easy in that space to say, this is where the line is. I think it's actually harder in other spaces to say, this is where the line is. But those are the conversations we need to be having. Yeah, I think it's introduced or touched on a little bit of almost like a bit of a digital divide and not losing the human skills that we have if we rely solely on technology. Actually, you could see, they talk about things like AI and technology being able to bring that digital divide together. But there's also an opportunity or challenge there with a bit of a fear that it could expand that divide because, you know, like we all use the calculator and I'm terrible at mental arithmetic, we don't want to lose the abilities that we have just because we then become solely reliant on technology. Absolutely. Absolutely. I think that's a real big risk. Yeah, definitely. I think another area that's interesting with the sort of human and the artificial intelligence is the sort of the bias around AI. I don't know if you've seen the latest TV advert with Dove. I haven't actually. It's really powerful because they sort of type in to sort of chat, but, you know, give me a photo of a beautiful woman. And so of course, it generates what it thinks is a beautiful woman. And then, you know, you can put in the information, give me an image of what is a Dove beautiful woman. And that's when you get back the images and their different sizes, different colors, and it suddenly becomes more representative. And I think there is there is a fear there on what that bias is, you know, if we don't put in the right data, especially for you, I think with that customer first mentality and looking at your citizen experience, you have to get that data right. You don't want to put anything bias into your systems because you're then going to be getting the right user experience out. I absolutely agree. But I also think that there is there is so much data that sits across government that is it's subjective, right? Because, so again, going back to MOJ, like case notes, and I say just MOJ, I mean, in health, daughters case notes. So that there's lots of that type of information in data that sits in government. And there's a new need to that information. And that information will likely have some level of bias in it, because, you know, as humans, we all have a level of bias. So it's about how do you how do you make sure that you're not amplifying that bias? And I think that's, I think that's hard. And I think we only find that by experimenting safely, but experimenting to see what level of kind of accuracy we get when we test AI in different scenarios. And then we have to make decisions on whether that level of accuracy is good enough. And whether it's good enough for public service, particularly. Definitely. I think that's where AI has a very positive force is it's creating this curiosity, there's such curiosity about what we can do with technology. And I think that's possibly the biggest opportunity that that it has given a lot of a lot of us at the moment. Yeah, the other thing that I am, I went to speak to some policy people in my old job. And they said, come and come and speak to us, you know, about AI. I was like, yeah, I'm going to speak about AI, but also speak about some other things. And they asked the question of how do you think, but what impact do you think this will have on the way that we work? And for me, it was an opportunity to say, actually, I think that, you know, we should be sat side by side, building this technology. I mean, we should be doing that anyway, with technology, but particularly with with Jenny, I where you are testing and retesting and kind of fine tuning the technology, I think it brings operational colleagues, policy colleagues, digital colleagues closer together. And I think that can really be a good thing. Definitely. And do you think it's made, you were talking about sort of legacy technology and sort of government, government departments have been around for a long time. Do you think it's enabled the sort of younger generation to look at your role, to look at what you're doing and actually see it as quite more exciting than perhaps they used to, and you're sort of seeing that sort of a sort of interest in getting these new digital skills and joining your workforce? That's an interesting question. I don't know, you know, I, I think that, what do I think? I think that when people look at government, they still have an image of what that's like and or civil service and they still have an image of what that's like. And so I think it's hard for people to kind of connect to that image and see themselves in those roles. And so I think where the thing that is more likely to influence people is where we are talking to people and they can see we're normal human beings and actually, and we're grappling with some quite interesting problems. That for me, that for me is more powerful than any kind of individual technology and getting people excited about these types of roles. Definitely. Well, then you have a perfect face for it. I mean, you talk so eloquently and yeah, it's quite inspiring to hear about your vision. So thank you so much, Gina, for joining us on the podcast again, because obviously we have spoken to in the past and hopefully speak to you again soon. Thank you. Thank you for listening to the ServiceNow UK and I Executive Circle podcast. If you've enjoyed this or any of the other episodes of this podcast series, please do take a moment to rate or review us on your podcast platform of choice. We'd love your feedback. Finally, I'm Kat Finch, the host of the ServiceNow UK and I Executive Circle podcast. Thank you again for listening and speak with you again soon.