 Welcome to today's ServiceNow UK and I Executive Circle podcast. I'm delighted to be joined by Sally Ann Hicks, the Global Vice President of Automation at Experian. Hi, thank you for having me. So, Sally, I think we have to start with what does a Global Vice President of Automation do and why is it so pertinent to a company like Experian? So, it's a great question. And I think when I joined the organization, people thought I would be looking for pockets of automation, for pockets of things that we could automate on a task level basis. But we've really developed that role and that capability into something far wider reaching that covers really the end to end of everything Experian's doing. We're looking at how we accelerate value, how we bring our value points with our customers earlier in the journey. We're looking at how we generate efficiencies across our delivery organizations. And we're looking at automation opportunities throughout those value points, really. So, could we put it in a good example? Obviously, we've all probably used Experian to check our credit scores. How does automation, what's it been doing to support that experience from an end user perspective? So, there's B2C, which is where we know our credit scores. And then there's the B2B business, which is all about delivering great software to our customers. So, what does that mean and who are our customers? So, the software we deliver essentially sits within three pillars. We've got decisioning software, we've got analytics software, and we've got identity and fraud software. Our customers are lenders, so people who are lending money to us as consumers. So, traditionally, that was the banks, the Barclays and Santander's. But as things move forwards, in the world that we all know, actually, the lenders are in healthcare, in automotive, in buying our pay later. When we're buying online, we see Klaner pop up. There's lending going on behind all of those things. And so, our software solutions are to support the lenders in those journeys with their customers. So, working out, if you can have a mortgage, how much you can borrow, if you're telling the truth, are you who you say you are? Are you honest and honorable? And what kind of analytics do those businesses need to look at all of the data about us as a population to work out what the levers are that they need to pull to make sure that they're lending to the profile that they want to attract? Amazing. So, which kind of departments do you find are coming to you more with the, can you automate this Sally? Can you automate that? Where do you all the requests come from? So, we sit within the global business. So, our regions in our organization deliver that software to their customers. So, we're about enabling them. So, we need to make sure that we can deliver our world-class software as fast as possible, that we enable those regional delivery teams to be as efficient as possible. So, it's how do we get the software out there? How do we enable everything to do with the software in the most automated way that's possible? So, we talk about a vision for one-click onboarding for our customers and we talk about those delivery organizations being able to focus on the things that matter most, which is their customer experience and being able to focus on the things where they can add value as humans and not be focused on repeat tasks. So, we're looking at repeat tasks and things that can be done for people so that they can value add. And a lot of those things you just talked about, the value that it provides, are often things spoken about in regards to generative AI. Where does automation finish and end, or does it not? And where does generative AI start? I wouldn't think of them as either beginning or ending. I think of probably things more in layers. So, and back to, when I joined the organization and people probably thinking that I would come here and automate tasks. So, would you need to send those emails that you sent today or could something do that for you? You know, would you need to create that report or someone could someone do that for you? But actually, what I do is look at the end-to-end. So, if I take the example of onboarding a new client, the end-to-end is the journey from when a customer decides to buy our software from us to the day that they're up and running on that software. And that involves things like building the solution, designing it, you know, configuring it, testing it, giving the customer access to the solution, you know, different customers access to different elements of the solution based on their persona and creating, you know, secure transport access so that they can share files with us and things like that, all of those things. And so, there's a process involved with that, right? What I take away from that is it's not just, you know, like we use chat tpt, we put in some information that we want, it turns something out, you're weaving it in as part of that end-to-end process, as I said, as a layer. And I think what I retook from that was really interesting is that you've got to have that, what am I trying to do with it first? What is that problem? What is that outlet that I'm trying to achieve? And then how is it woven in to get to that right outcome? Exactly. And I think a lot of people think of Generations of Ios, I mean, you can just plug in and it's going to do something. But if you don't know what do you want to achieve, you're not really going to get what you want out of it. So what do you recommend to other businesses and other leaders in your position who are saying, look, where do I start? So I think don't start thinking I need to do Generative AI. You need to know what your problems are. You need to know the problems you're trying to solve. And you need to have decided what your vision is, what good looks like. So, and most business leaders will know this, right? They'll have some fairly clear views about the problems that they face, the challenges and what they want their delivery to look like, what they want their organization, their service offerings, whether it's a product or a services organization, they will know where they're trying to go. They will have a vision and a strategy. And they should know the things that are wrong in the organization at a macro level, if not a micro level. So the things that aren't happening. And it's that that they need to dig into further to find the things that actually they want to automate, to make more repeatable, to have just happen automatically so that people within the organization can, as I say, focus on value. I think every leader will know that within their organization, actually there's a lot of waste, if they're honest with themselves, you know, in any organization, probably over 100 people, there could be 20 to 30% waste. And by that, I mean, tasks that people are doing that are ultimately not adding value to the bottom line. And, you know, that happens because nothing stays the same, you know, we're all always changing and adapting. But yet people's jobs do not change and adapt as quickly as the environment around us. And if they don't adapt, then essentially what you could be doing is doing something that isn't required anymore. And some people are smart and figure that out and stop doing it themselves. But oftentimes, most people at the grassroots have to be told, don't do that anymore. And so it's, it's our job as as leaders and visionaries to figure out what the new thing looks like, what the new the target operating model is, and to stop all of the things that that we used to do that we don't need to do anymore. And an automation and generative AI will be of value to us when we figured out that thing. But we've kind of got to figure out that first. Yeah. And then we automate the things that we need to carry on doing. And we use generative AI to help us create them more efficiently. I think a really particular word you used in that answer was people and obviously that you're saying taking them on that journey. Some people come to that realization how they can do things differently. Others don't. How do you go about in an organization that changed that sort of change transformation? I mean, businesses have been on a digital transformation journey for a long time. This is just another evolution. But how do you bring them on that journey? So I think openness is really important and allowing, you know, everyone on your organization to see and understand your vision, your strategy, and your view of what good looks like and where you're going is really important. I think that most people's struggle with adapting to change is when they don't understand that. But if you can take your time to tell and show people where you're going, then actually every human has the ability to understand that certain things need to change. So that's the most important thing. And that's every layer of the organization. You know, no strategy can be created in a boardroom and executed without, you know, that cascading all the way down through the organization. It sounds obvious, right? I'm, you know, probably preaching to the converted. But everything we do has to drive that culture of, you know, change and understanding of knowledge, of the strategy of sharing. It has to be, you know, throughout what we do. It's an imprint of everything we do. So as the queen of automation, if there was one thing in your life, even outside of work, that you could automate, what would it be? Which now I've had a really painful experience recently with my, with my pension. So I've been doing probably what many people will have gone through, which is to transfer, you know, a company pension part with a previous organization into my, into my new company. It's a terrible process. You know, I had to fill in some online forms, digital forms to say I wanted to go through this process. Excellent. I think this whole thing is going to be managed digitally. No, it doesn't work like that. So they sent me a pack of about 20, a four pages, right? And 12 of those pages are forms for me to fill in and return. But I'm not told how I need to submit my forms. I'm not given a envelope to submit my forms. And I'm not told whether I need to get them back from my new provider and send them in one go, or whether I need to send them separately. I just, just ludicrous. It gets worse than this, because when I haven't filled them in, because I'm going through a process of figuring out what to fill in, I get sent a second pack. Hey, Sally, you wanted to, to transfer your pension. You don't seem to have responded to the first pack we send you. So here's another pack. I start sending the forms back, which I'm told I can send back by taking a photo of with my phone or scanning and emailing back into the digital world, back into the digital world. And I sit there looking at this, knowing exactly what I would do if I was on the other side of the fence. It's an end to end thing, right? And if you look at this process, you can see what's happened because they haven't looked at the end to end. So they've given me an online form to fill in to say, Hey, I want to do this. Well, then they sent me all this paperwork. And you probably could even find an envelope after all that, either to send anything. Exactly. And I'm going to have to buy a stamp at some point. Well, this has been enlightening, Sally, in the world of automation. And thank you so much for joining us today. It's been a pleasure. Thank you for having me. It's been a pleasure.