 You're listening to Accelerate, a ServiceNow podcast series about achieving your business outcomes where we talk about how to get the most value from the now platform. Hey everyone, this is Crystal Klevinger. And this is Dee Adres. We're your hosts and excited to talk to you about ServiceNow value acceleration solutions that include expert services, training, and impact. It gives me great pleasure to welcome Mick Brickner to the show today. Hi Mick. Hi Crystal. Thanks for having me. Thank you for being here. So why don't you tell me what your role at ServiceNow entails? Sure. So I'm a service offerings manager in our customer outcomes function. And specifically, I help kind of manage our service portfolio for our expert services or professional services organization. And my role entails designing, building, launching, optimizing, and improving, and just managing the life cycle of the different services that our expert services function delivers and our consultants deliver. So that's helping identify opportunities for services that are going to bring value to our customers, bringing together the different experts across the company to help design and build and then launch those services. And then there's a continual service improvement aspect of this too, where we're reviewing services and the different engagements of those services and just looking for opportunities to optimize and improve those services and just bring more value to customers through expert services. Very good. Thank you for that. So I imagine that there are different types of services you're responsible for. Can you tell me a little bit more and tell me how they're categorized? Yeah. When we talk about our service offerings and our portfolio of services, we typically break them down into three main categories. So there's implementation services, advisory services, and then optimization and remediation services. And we have examples of varying size and scope of offerings in each of those categories. Okay. So let's just start with implementation services. And if you could expand on what they are, who they're designed for and what they consist of. Yeah. Implementation services are probably our most common service. It's typically what customers are looking for at some point in their service now journey and probably the most common type of service that our experts deliver. It's helping customers enable a new solution or maybe expand an existing service now solution that they're already using but are looking to kind of take it to the next level. And these implementation services is really how you get to value, right? Helping enable and deploy service now applications on platform and in your instance. These are often for net new customers, so customers that are new to the platform, implementing things for the first time, but also existing customers who are expanding on the platform, maybe to other workflow areas or adopting or implementing more advanced applications and processes. So it really applies across all customers and at some point in your service now journey might need help implementing. Right. And they probably apply to all of our workflows, I presume, right? Yeah. We have examples of services for all of our workflows across the categories. So if you were to pick one that you could go a little bit deeper on, which one would that be in the implementation services area? Yeah. One example that I'd love to talk about is called implementation design. It's a newer service and that we put a lot of effort into designing and launching relatively recently. This one's not a full implementation service. Instead, it focuses on understanding the customer's desired outcomes and then designing a solution using all the platform capabilities available, as well as like leading practices and design practices to essentially create a design that the customer can take with them and then implement, either with expert services or with a partner or maybe they self-implement. And there's multiple reasons why customers are looking for a service that focuses on the design activities first and only. And one could be that they have unclear design requirements or scope, so it would be hard to try and estimate what a full implementation would look like, what it would cost, the duration of it. So you can kind of take a modular approach and start with the requirements and the design first. And that's really kind of a key use case. And then the customer would have a good understanding of the required investment level and the effort that would go into configuring and implementing that design. And this design could apply to any workflow or most workflows that we support today, right? Yes, this is one service that applies across all of our workflows. So if you can think of an application or a capability in any of the workflows, then we have workshops and other activities as part of this offering to help design a solution using those capabilities. Okay, that makes sense. You also mentioned advisory services, right? And what's the difference between those and implementation services? Because I presume that when you sell and when you deliver an implementation service, you do advise our customers. So what's the difference for people who don't know? Yeah, that's definitely true. Our implementation services typically include some aspect of advisory sessions, enablement, that sort of thing. Advisory services are more of like a standalone advisory service. So they usually include like some sort of assessment that could be like a manual assessment where a consultant goes in and reviews your instance, customer's instance and comes up with recommendations. It could be an automated assessment using something like our health scan tool or scripts. Oftentimes it's a little bit of both, kind of leveraging both automated and like a manual assessment. And then based on the assessment, advisory services will always include recommendations based on leading practices. So you'll get findings from that assessment and then specific recommendations based on those findings. And that's typically where the advisory services stop. We don't take the next step to actually implement on those recommendations and on those findings. But those findings and the recommendations are all kind of packaged up for the customer to take the next steps with. That makes sense. So you mentioned using our health scan tool, for example, but are there other specific services you can talk about or maybe one that would be of interest to our audience today? Yeah, we have a few in this area and some are product specific. One that's near and dear to my heart because I have a background in service catalog and service portfolio and IT service management is a service called Service Catalog Unified. And again, this is an advisory service. So it includes an assessment of essentially a customer's service catalog and request management, posture and maturity. And a consultant will come in and do an assessment, mostly a manual assessment, looking at the different catalog items and like the health of your request management process. And the nice thing about this one and the reason it's called Service Catalog Unified is because they'll not only look at the catalog items and the workflows and requests you have in your Service Now instance, but also those that you might have in another tool or on another platform in your environment with the goal of bringing together recommendations and consolidating all of those catalog items or workflows on your Service Now instance and create like a one-stop shop for request fulfillment. So to facilitate that, there's also workshops that are included as part of this service. They focus on service catalog and request management processes as you can imagine. And there's also demos that the consultant will provide around different service catalog tools like Catalog Builder, Flow Designer, Employee Center. And those are all tailored based on the findings of the assessment and basically the maturity and posture of your service catalog processes. So for example, if the findings suggest that using order guides would be like a great way to bring together a bunch of related catalog items and workflows that might be spread out across your environment, then we'll take extra time to focus on order guides as part of those platform demos and basically enable the customer on that tool, that capability, that application so that they can take those findings and act on them. And this one's typically a seven-week engagement. And again, you walk away with those findings and recommendations for next steps along with the enablement through the workshops and the platform demos. Well, you must have read my mind because I was wondering how long these services typically take. So this one is seven weeks. The one you mentioned before, implementation design, I presume it varies depending on the workflow. It does. It varies by workflow and because of kind of the modular nature of that one, there's multiple tiers as well. So every workflow has one, I'm sorry, two to four tiers available depending on the number of workshops and applications and processes that you want to cover and design for. That makes sense. So it's going to vary the amount of time you spend where the customer is going to vary based on the workflow and the tier that they chose. Yep, exactly. Right. And last but not least, you mentioned optimization and remediation services as the last category. What are those services? Yeah. Optimization and remediation services are similar to advisory services. They kind of fall in between implementation and advisory in a way. And typically those start with, again, some sort of assessment that's focused on identifying improvement opportunities and then helping define a backlog of those improvement opportunities or development tasks that would need to be carried out to remediate or optimize a solution. And then typically you get time with one of the consultants to do hands-on remediation and optimization. So the consultant will work with the customer based on that backlog that they define and take a set amount of those stories and the consultant will actually help implement, configure those stories and those solutions as part of the engagement itself. So it's like advisory with kind of hands-on. With implementation. Yeah, both. Yeah, it's like a hybrid a little bit, right, between advisory and implementation. You just take the advisory a little bit farther. Absolutely, yep. Okay. Is there one specific service you can talk to me about that falls in this category? Yeah, probably our flagship service in this category is one called CMDB amplified. It's another product specific offering that focuses on CMDB and related processes and applications and tools. This one starts again with an in-depth assessment. The consultant comes in and looks at the health of your CMDB and they also use the CMDB data foundations dashboard as kind of a means to help them assess but also to enable the customer because you can use that dashboard to kind of monitor the ongoing health of your CMDB and track your progress and maturity using that dashboard. So you get enabled on the dashboard along with the assessment. Then you'll work to prioritize kind of the key findings and like those remediation stories. It also includes workshops and coaching much like an advisory service would. So with CMDB amplified, you get workshops on CMDB governance. There's workshops on our common service data model, which is an important thing to understand along with CMDB. And then you get the remediation. So essentially the configuration or implementation of a subset of your remediation stories. And for CMDB amplified, you actually get 20 hours of remediation time with a ServiceNow consultant. So whatever stories make the most sense to implement and leverage our ServiceNow consultant for in those 20 hours, that's what you can walk away with along with all the other kind of prioritize stories. This one's also a seven week engagement. So similar to Service Catalog unified. You walk away with the remediation, the prioritize stories and a little more enablement and understanding of CMDB and the dashboard that you can use. So finally, what would you recommend to someone who's interested in learning more about all of these services you talked about? Yeah, the most important thing for us is that our customers get to value and can effectively enable all the platform capabilities to solve for their business objectives and desired outcomes. I think the best thing for you to do if you're interested in expert services or any of the offerings that I mentioned today or anything in our portfolio is to reach out to your account exec. They can put you in touch with your services account executive who can help advise on which services might make sense, provide more detail on maybe a specific offering that you had in mind. Perfect. Well, Mick, thank you so much for your time. Really appreciate it. This was very informative. Thank you so much. I'm Crystal Kleviger. And I'm Dee Drees. And this is the ServiceNow Accelerate Podcast series. You can find us in other ServiceNow podcasts at the ServiceNow community at community.servicesnow.com. Be sure to follow us in your favorite podcast app so you don't miss our next episode.