 Hello and welcome to the ServiceNow Executive Circle, maximising the minutes on AI mini-series. In each episode of this new mini-series on AI, we take a topic or theme from our discussions from our brilliant Executive Circle guests and we're talking to Adam Spearing, the head of AI innovation at ServiceNow, who can deep dive further into that topic. Welcome, Adam. Thank you for having me again. So a topic that keeps coming up and is actually being talked about as a trend for next year, but I know that ServiceNow is already talking about it and I know that we're already doing it is agentic AI. Now, what is it? So the way I think about agentic AI is imagine having lots of bots, right? Most people are familiar with a bot and a bot does something. If you can get bots talking to each other, then you can get them to make some decisions. So let's say you've got a bot that can look at tickets for IT and you've got a bot that can look at provisioning of technology. If you get those two bots talking to each other, they can say, well, I've got a problem here. Oh, and the other one can say, well, I've got a problem here. Is my problem caused by your problem? Oh, well, then let's see if we can solve our problems together. And that's where the concept in very crude terms of what agentic AI is about. So this is where you're going to start to see the opportunity for different technologies to interact with each other. So let's say you've got a Microsoft, Microsoft Copilot and now Assist interaction together is actually agentic technology. It's two AI technologies working off of each other. It's now Assist saying to Copilot, hey, this user had a failure of their IT the other week. And by the way, the license they've got for that software they're not using. And Copilot going to the user and going, hey, did you know that you've got some software you're not using and your laptop keeps failing? You're doing you one. So that's an example of agentic technology very simply. And so will that move businesses away from being reactive to being quite predictive? Like, oh, I've spotted a few trends here, like those licenses, I can actually preempt the next 100 people who are going to come to me and say, my licenses run out because actually, I already know now from that example. So it's kind of like, you can imagine each bot like a domino effect, each bot will like knock on to the next one, Yeah, exactly. Exactly. And actually, you leave me onto one of the things I'm most excited about as well is this thing called knowledge graph. So using the bots and using this agentic technology, we can augment systems to work off of each other. Right? Now, we're a workflow engine, right? We happen to show up as an IT assembly on HR tool help test tool, a risk tool, et cetera, et cetera. But we are fundamentally a workflow platform driven by AI. And there's lots of uniqueness is in our, what we do. But when you start thinking about what we actually know, we know so much about where you are, what you're working on, what your laptop says, what software you're using. And so what that means is that when you get to that mass personalization, using something like the knowledge graph, we can actually sit down and say, Hey, you've just called in because I don't know, I got banked today was 70% of our calls to the help test of password resets. I'm like, really? Still? Yes, they are. Okay. Well, this technology can say to you, Well, I know you've got a Mac. So I'm not going to show you the the the Windows version of that password reset. I'll show you the version that's just for you. Oh, and by the way, I know you haven't done your password reset. This isn't the third time you failed to do it. I'm going to recommend the course for you. So that's where you use things like the knowledge graph to personalize the experience for the consumer for the employee. But then as a business, you can say, Well, hang on a minute, why have I got 5000 licenses of this and only three of them being used? Why am I paying for that? Why am I how many people are actually working on this project? And that that with the knowledge graph then suddenly becomes a really insightful use. Then you can start to getting to the the unknowns right the in the unconscious incompetence areas, whether technology can go, I keep seeing this issue come up, I keep seeing this issue come up. Every time I see this issue, you tell me to do that. Do you want me as the AI technology to change your policy? Oh, yes, please click. I've changed the policy. My incidents have come down because everybody's happier because now the policy matches reality. And that's an evolution, I think that is going to be very exciting in 2025. It's amazing how many times even like you mean being like, Oh, if so and so had spoken to so and so, we wouldn't be in this predicament. Precisely. And so do you see obviously the examples you've just given of were very much, you know, password resets and things like that. But I mean, I'm thinking of these things that always comes up in our local area, there's a lot of roadworks around where we are, because they've just dug up the road for one water pipe, and then the following week they're digging up the road for electricity. Imagine if they spoke to each other, do you see those kind of applications like if an organization sort of had that, you know, one bot that's looking after the water pipe maintenance infrastructure and the other bot that's looking after the electricity infrastructure, we'll just dig it up once. Wouldn't that be cool? Yeah, that's a great example of it on a business to business environment. Yes, because when you're running a business and you think about all the things you do, you repeat too many things time and time again. Oh, we're running an enablement session for Team ABC. And next week we're running an enablement session for Team ABC. Well, why don't we do one enablement session for Team ABC and actually do it once and do it properly. So there are lots of business to business examples of where the technology can help with the bot to bot conversation, the agentic conversation to simplify and make the processes run smoother. Okay, I mean, I've seen examples of, well, I've seen examples of organizations whose expense management process where they have different technologies takes people three or four hours to log an expense claim, even today. Right. Now with agentic technology, you can remove all of the unnecessary out of that and simplify and streamline just as one example. Right. And there's loads of areas. If you're running a business, you know where the pockets are. Probably not when you're sitting in the C suite, but I guarantee you the people are doing the doing know where those issues are. And by freeing them up and allowing the agentic technology to then help them iterate, you can really make some fundamental changes. And we're all looking for productivity gains. We've been looking for those ever since, you know, Keynes wrote that paper and many years ago, nearly over 100 years ago, we've been elusive productivity gains. And I think finally we're able to unlock a lot of those for everybody. That's fascinating. And finally, you've actually managed to explain it in a way that I get. Hopefully our listeners can understand. I think it's fascinating. It's not that complicated. Honestly, we put this gloss over the front of this technology sometimes just to create this allure that we're unique and special. Technology is actually quite straightforward if you just take the time to learn it. So obviously, you're speaking to a number of organizations around Europe, around the globe, other than agentic AI being big next year. Are there any sort of other common similarities and trends and things that you see coming up? Yeah, no, I think one of the fascinating things was in 2023-2024, end of 23, beginning of 24, we saw a lot of the hype, a lot of, oh, we all need AI, we all need AI. And then we got into this cycle of taking the technology and trying to find the problem. And that created a lot of frustration and a lot of, why is it not delivering? And I think we're coming to that point where organizations are going, hang on a minute, let's use this, let's deploy this technology in the way we've always done it. Let's look for the use cases, look for the ROI, build the fundamentals and let's build this as a business case. And we saw during that period as well this kind of outburst of we're going to build our own language model. Right? And everybody's suddenly going, actually, that's probably not such a good idea. In my 30 years of technology, build has never actually been the most cost-effective way to do it versus the commercial technologies that are available for lots of reasons. And so as we go into 2025, I am very excited about Agenetics. I'm very excited about this knowledge graph concept and the ability for us to personalize experiences across the organization for everybody. But also I'm very buoyed by the fact that a lot of the organizations have got their head straight on their strategy, they're thinking about their governance, they're thinking about that suite of technologies they're going to use, they've realized it's not just one. We're very fortunate that in many, most of those instances, our unique offering puts us as a core technology for doing that. And I think they're now starting to understand how to capitalize on this. So we will achieve more in the long term than we could possibly believe even though we're slightly frustrated in the short term with this technology. And do you see any particular challenges that are still arising? Obviously we've had to overcome the challenge of just the general excitement of AI, what do I do with it? Any other challenges that you see sort of coming? Yeah, the one that slightly keeps me awake at night is the devolve responsibility, where at the very beginning it was the C suite going, yes, yes, yes, yes, let's go, let's go. And now they're kind of, oh well, haven't we done that yet? And they've got to stick with this because this isn't a quick flicker switch and it's done and it's a techie project, give it to the IT team. This has to remain, if you want to capitalize on the opportunity, this has to remain as a board level agenda item because it's not just about what are we using the technology to do, it's about how we're enabling our people, how we're controlling our data and our governance to make sure we keep the C suite out of jail, that it's not leaking off somewhere we don't want it to go accidentally. And so there's a whole plethora of things we need to do. And then the opportunity for the C suite is, well, how could I rebuild my business? If you're a CEO, if you sat down with a clean piece of paper and said, well, how would I build this business if Henry Ford hadn't set up the organization structure when he did? How would my business look? This is the opportunity you've got to build the business, how you would design it, not how Henry Ford created the organization structures all those years ago. And I guess it's moving away from just thinking about it, oh, it's a digital transformation, it's a tele-transformation. It's a business transformation with aspects like Gen AI, automation data as part of that transformation. And you get that clear, then that goes on for years and years. This is a long-term strategy of business transformation. This is not just a one hit and I'm done. Oh my God, I can't tell you the number of customers I'm talking to and this epiphany they have, well, hang on. So rather than us talking to you every six or nine months and seeing what you're doing, we need to talk with you every three months. We need to look at what you're releasing because the product is coming out so fast. And we need to say within 90 days, what are we deploying in the next 90 days with one eye on what you're delivering in the next, the following 90 days, all with ROIs, so that we're in this constant virtuous cycle of being agile in how we adopt the technology as opposed to, right, well, this year I think we're going to use A, B and C, right? It's a 90 day cycle you've got to be in to really capitalize and move as quick as the technology is. And I think a key point you just said is how we use the technology. And you mentioned in the previous episode about digital skills, that's going to be a big thing as well next year. And it's not just about hiring as many prompt engineers as you can possibly find. This is about training people to be able to augment their roles by having that understanding, that critical thinking and analysis of what AI is serving them, not necessarily needing the programming skills. And I think that's something we're going to see massively next year is that kind of understanding of what are the digital skills that my employees need and how can I provide that to them? Yeah, and we saw this many years ago, and it's still ongoing, this concept of a citizen developer, right? And it was this battle between IT and business where IT's saying, citizen developer bad, business saying, citizen developer good, because business want flexibility, IT want control of the data. And I think in most organizations we've got to a happy balance between that. If you get it right, you can protect the data and give the citizens the freedom and flexibility and actually enhance the developer community for IT without formal trained developers. Now, exactly the same is true with AI in my view, in that we want our employees to be conversant, to be comfortable, to be competent in using the technology, but what we don't want them to do is go off and do dumb things. And that's where I think as an organization you have to say, well, what level of knowledge do I want to skill people up to? Yes, I'm going to have LLM engineers and I'm going to have machine learning engineers and PhD scientists in my IT group. Brilliant, you need them. But equally, I've got an army of thousands of people who if I teach them to use the technology how the right way, I can unleash huge amounts of potential, huge amounts of potential. But also using those people to help educate. So looking at it from a bottom up as well, it's all well and good, it's being, yes, it's a C-level, a C-suite level strategy, but the day to day users of it, they can source and find those processes that need automating, they can find those use cases to share up and say, do you know what, this actually could save me this amount of my time, imagine if we scaled it across the entire business. Yeah, no, and that's where I think when you're running, to my mind, the many years I've been doing digital transformation as a client, one of the things I talk about is what's your ideation strategy, right, because ideation doesn't come from one person or from a boardroom or from IT. The best ideation comes from the people who are doing the challenges and solving the tasks, the people on the front line. So how do you bring them into your ideation? How do you not have the suggestion box that gets emptied into the waste basket once a quarter, right? How do you have a process of ideation that embraces them when they see change happening driven by their ideas and their understanding of the technology, then your ideation comes within the business. Then you're really changing the business, how it needs to change, steered by the executives clearly because you don't want to go off course, but that's how you really capitalize on the power of the people that you've got. Free their brains up, take away the mundane and routine, take away the things they don't need to be doing, these ultra-processed tasks, right? We talk about ultra-processed food, take away the ultra-processed tasks, give them nourishment rich opportunities to work on and you'll see them thrive. And so important that it's my last question and it's something that's come up in the podcast is this multi-generational workforce. So this is not just about giving it to your younger generations coming in to say, oh, I can just AI that, I can build an app for that. We've got multi-generational workforce, we've got people living a lot longer and they can provide just as much of the idea and the input into this as anybody, any teenager. There's so much value for everybody here because if I'm new into the workforce, how do I become skilled? It used to be I sit next to somebody, I listen to them, I ask them questions and eventually we talk about ramp times, right? Fastly you can get somebody to ramp to value. We can ramp people very, very, very quickly with this technology. We can make the average performers as good as the best performers by sharing the knowledge of the best performers with the average performers, right? So you can transform that. And me as an older worker in the workforce, shall we say, somebody's been doing this a long time. I'm so excited because I can see the opportunity for me to influence what we do as a company internally, not just what I do for the company, but how the company works. And I think it's really opportune for everybody to get on top of this. I'll give you a personal example. My wife is an artist. She is a power user of GPT and perplexity, right? Which I would never have said six months ago. She doesn't use a browser anymore. She uses this technology. And she's not formally trained in technology at all. But that's the opportunity if you get this right, people embracing it. And she says, wow, I can do this and oh, I've done this today on it and it's amazing. So yes, everybody can capitalise on it and don't be afraid of it. Have a go, have a try. That's really, really, really important. But we as businesses need to put the governance, the controls, the processes around to drive the innovation, to make sure we protect ourselves. And then you can unleash, unleash the potential of your company. And that's where I think that's what really does excite me. Well, I think your excitement has just come across and I hope all the listeners can really feel your passion. So going into next year and trying these things out, seeing these future trends coming, I think it's a fascinating time. And thank you so much, Adam, for joining us today. It's an absolute pleasure. Thank you for having me. Thank you.